[DEVX-1807] Add saucectl docs for testApp on suite level (#1348)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/automated-testing/espresso-xcuitest/espresso.md

```
---

### `testApp`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

Set test application on suite level. See the full [usage](#testapp). If this field is not set, saucectl will pick the default `testApp` from [espresso](#espresso) level.

```yaml

>   testApp: ./apps/calc-success.apk

Reviewer: Would be good to put the parent context (suite) in here as well. Makes it easier to see where this attribute belongs. If you recall, the idea was to make those changes incrementally, which should make the docs easier to use as reference material :)

Author: make sense.

```
---

### `testApp`
<p><small>| OPTIONAL | STRING |</small></p>

> Set test application on suite level. See the full [usage](#testapp). If this field is not set, saucectl will pick the default `testApp` from [espresso](#espresso) level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the test application on the suite level. See the full [usage](#testapp). If this property is not set, `saucectl` will use the default `testApp` from the [`espresso`](#espresso) level.
```
